
 
NONDISCLOSURE AGREEMENT
 
THIS NONDISCLOSURE AGREEMENT  (this  “NDA”)  is made as of December 9 th , 2014 (the   “Effective
Date”)  by and between DigiPath, Inc., located at 6450 Cameron Street, Suite 113, Las Vegas, Nevada 89118
(“Discloser”),  and W-Net, Inc.  (“Recipient”).
 
1. Scope of NDA.  This NDA governs all disclosures of Confidential Information by Discloser in the course of
exploring  one  or  more  strategic  business  transactions  or  relationships  with  Recipient  (“Strategic
Discussions”).
   
2. Definitions.  “Confidential  Information”   means  any  of  Discloser’s  (or  its  Affiliates’)  information,
including,  without  limitation,  science,  formulas,  patterns,  compilations,  programs,  software,  devices,
designs,  drawings,  methods,  techniques  and  processes,  financial  information  and  data,  business  plans,
business  strategies,  marketing  plans,  customer  lists,  price  lists,  cost  information,  information  about
employees,  descriptions  of  inventions,  process  descriptions,  descriptions  of  technical  know-how,
information  and  descriptions  of  new  products  and  new  product  development,  scientific  and  technical
specifications and documentation, and pending or abandoned patent applications of a party, now known or
in possession of, or hereafter learned or acquired, that derives economic value, actual or potential, from
not being generally known to, and not being readily ascertainable by proper means by other persons who
can  obtain  economic  value  from  its  disclosure  or  use.  All  Confidential  Information  disclosed  in  tangible
form  must  be  marked  as  “confidential”  or  “proprietary”  or  with  words  of  similar  import,  and  all
Confidential Information disclosed orally must be identified as confidential at the time  of  disclosure  and
summarized in writing within thirty (30) days of disclosure.  “Affiliate”,  with respect to any Person, means
any other Person that, directly or indirectly, is controlled by, controls or is under common control with that
Person,  including,  without  limitation,  any  officer,  director,  manager,  general  partner,  controlling
stockholder or managing member of any Person.  “Control”,  with respect to any Person, means the power,
directly  or  indirectly,  to  direct  the  management  and  policies  of  that  Person.  “Person”  shall  be  broadly
interpreted  to  include,  without  limitation,  any  individual,  corporation,  company,  association,  partnership,
joint venture, trust, estate, governmental agency or other entity of whatsoever kind or nature.
   
3. Exceptions.  Confidential Information does not include information which: (i)  is  in  the  possession  of  the
Recipient at the time of disclosure as shown by the Recipient’s files and records immediately prior to the
time  of  disclosure;  (ii)  prior  or  after  the  time  of  disclosure  becomes  part  of  the  public  knowledge  or
literature, not as a result of any inaction or action of the Recipient; (iii) is lawfully obtained from a third
party without any breach of a confidentiality obligation to the Discloser; (iv) is approved for release by the
Discloser in writing; or (v) is shown by written record to be developed independently by the Recipient.
   
4. Non-use  and  Nondisclosure.   The  Recipient  agrees  not  to  use  the  Confidential  Information  for  any
purpose  except  to  conduct  the  Strategic  Discussions.  Recipient  will  not  disclose  any  Confidential
Information to any third parties except those directors, officers, employees, consultants and agents who
have a need to know the Confidential Information in order to carry out the Strategic Discussions. Recipient
shall ensure that all such persons are bound by non-disclosure terms in content substantially similar to this
NDA. Recipient will be responsible for breaches of this NDA by any such person. Recipient agrees that it
will  take  all  reasonable  measures  to  protect  the  secrecy  of  and  avoid  disclosure  or  use  of  Confidential
Information, which measures shall include the highest degree of care the Recipient utilizes to protect its
own Confidential Information of a similar nature, but in no event less than a reasonable degree of care.
Recipient  agrees  to  notify  Discloser  in  writing  of  any  misuse  or  misappropriation  of  such  Confidential
Information which may come to its attention.
   
5. Mandatory  Disclosure.   In  the  event  that  Recipient  or  its  respective  directors,  officers,  employees,
consultants  or  agents  are  requested  or  required  by  legal  process  to  disclose  any  of  Discloser’s
Confidential Information, Recipient shall give prompt written notice (to the extent legally permissible) so
that Discloser may seek a protective order or other appropriate relief. In the event that such protective
order  is  not  obtained,  Recipient  shall  disclose  only  that  portion  of  the  Confidential  Information  that  its
counsel advises that it is legally required to disclose.
   
6. Return of Materials.  Any materials or documents embodying Confidential Information which have been
furnished  to  the  Recipient  will  be  promptly  returned,  accompanied  by  all  copies  of  such  documentation
upon the earlier of the written request thereof by Discloser or the termination or expiration of this NDA.
Notwithstanding  the  return  of  Confidential  Information,  Recipient  will  continue  to  be  bound  by  the
obligations of confidentiality hereunder.
   


7. No  License  Granted.   Nothing  in  this  NDA  is  intended  to  grant  Recipient  any  rights  under  any  patent,
copyright, trade secret or other intellectual property right, nor shall this NDA grant Recipient any rights in
or to Discloser’s Confidential Information except the limited right to review such Confidential Information
solely for the purposes set forth in Section 1. All such rights shall remain exclusively owned by Discloser.
Recipient shall not derive or attempt to derive source code, reverse engineer, disassemble or decompile
any products, models, prototypes, software or other objects that embody the Confidential Information of
the Discloser.
   
8. No  Representations.   Recipient  hereby  acknowledges  that  the  Discloser  makes  no  representation  or
warranty, express or implied, as to the accuracy or completeness of the Confidential Information  or  any
component thereof, and that any information being provided by the Discloser pursuant to this NDA is being
provided “as is”. The parties agree that any Strategic Discussions contemplated by this NDA may or may
not lead to business or other relationships between them and no party has any obligation to disclose any
Confidential Information or conclude any such relationships or enter into any further agreements.
   
9. Term.  This NDA shall continue in effect until the first anniversary of the Effective Date.
   
10. Publicity.  Recipient agrees that neither Recipient nor its Affiliates or representatives shall disclose to any
Person who is not authorized to receive the Confidential Information either the fact that this NDA exists,
that  discussions  or  negotiations  are  taking  place  concerning  Strategic  Discussions  or  any  of  the  terms,
conditions  or  other  facts  with  respect  to  any  aspect  of  the  Strategic  Discussions,  including  the  status
thereof or the Persons involved, except as required as a result of any legal process after compliance by
Recipient with the provisions of Section 5.
 
 

 
11. Miscellaneous.
 
  a. This NDA  shall  be  binding  upon  and  for  the  benefit  of  the  undersigned  parties,  their  successors  and
assigns, provided that this NDA or the Confidential Information of the Discloser may not be assigned by
Recipient  without  the  prior  written  consent  of  the  Discloser.  Failure  to  enforce  any  provision  of  this
NDA shall not constitute a waiver of any term hereof. A waiver given on any one occasion is effective
only in that instance and will not be construed as a waiver of any right on any other occasion.
     
  b. If any provision of this NDA shall be held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be illegal, invalid or
unenforceable, the remaining provisions shall remain in full force and effect.
     
  c. This  NDA  sets  forth  the  entire  agreement  between  the  parties  with  respect  to  the  subject  matter
hereof  and  supersedes  all  prior  or  contemporaneous  agreements,  proposals,  understandings  and
representations,  written  or  oral,  between  the  parties  with  respect  to  the  subject  matter  hereof.  All
modifications of, waivers of and amendments to this NDA or any part hereof, must be in writing and
signed on behalf of each party. This NDA may be executed in counterparts, including facsimile, PDF or
other  electronic  copies  thereof,  and  each  such  counterpart  shall  be  an  original  and  altogether  shall
constitute but one and the same document.
 
12. Governing  Law  and  Jurisdiction.   This  NDA  shall  be  governed  by  and  construed  and  enforced  in
accordance with the internal law of the State of California, without regard to any choice-of-law provisions,
and  shall  be  binding  upon  the  parties  hereto  in  the  United  States  and  worldwide.  The  federal  and  state
courts located in the State of California shall have exclusive jurisdiction to adjudicate any dispute arising
out of this NDA.
   
13. Injunctive Relief.  Recipient agrees and acknowledges that any violation or  threatened  violation  of  this
NDA  will  cause  irreparable  injury  to  Discloser  and  that,  in  addition  to  any  other  remedies  that  may  be
available, in law, in equity or otherwise, Discloser shall be entitled to obtain injunctive relief against the
threatened  breach  of  this  NDA  or  the  continuation  of  any  such  breach,  in  any  court  of  competent
jurisdiction (notwithstanding the provisions of Section 12), without the necessity of proving actual damages
or posting a bond.
 
ACCEPTED AND AGREED:
 
W-NET, INC.
  DIGIPATH, INC.
   
     
By: /s/ David Weiner
  By: /s/ Todd Denkin
 
(Signature)
   
(Signature)
Name: David Weiner
  Name: Todd Denkin
Title: President
  Title: CEO
 
 



 
 


