 


                              APPENDIX B 

                         Non-disclosure Agreement 

      This Non-Disclosure Agreement (“Agreement”) is made and entered into as of this 
xx day of xxx, 2023 (the “Effective Date”), between the Chicago office of  Japan External 
Trade Organization (“JETRO” or a “Party”), located at 1 E. Wacker Drive, Suite 3350, 
Chicago, IL 60601,  and contractor (“The Representative” or a “Party”), located at           . 
(JETRO and the The Representative may be referred to collectively in this Agreement as the 
“Parties,” and individually as a “Party”).   

1.    Purpose of Disclosure (“Purpose”).  JETRO wishes to discuss with the The 
Representative opportunities for possible business support for North American companies 
interested in investing in Japan, and in connection with such discussions or in the conduct of 
any resulting business support,  JETRO may disclose or make available to the The 
Representative certain information which JETRO desires the The Representative to treat as 
confidential. To ensure the protection of such Confidential Information (as defined in Section 
2 below) and in consideration of the agreement to exchange information, the Parties agree as 
follows: 

2.    Confidential Information. “Confidential Information” means all information and 
materials of a confidential, secret or proprietary nature disclosed by or on behalf of JETRO or 
any of its affiliates (the “disclosing Party”) to the The Representative (the “receiving Party”) 
in the course of discussions or activities related to the purpose of disclosure described in 
Section 1 above (the “Purpose”), before or during the term of this Agreement, either directly 
or indirectly, in writing, orally or by inspection of tangible objects, including, without 
limitation, information and materials regarding: personal information, company lists, market 
reports, proposals, contracts, technical and/or financial information and other data or 
information, in each case whether or not identified or marked as “confidential,” and 
including all documents, presentations, information, reports, materials, evaluations and 
copies of the receiving Party to the extent incorporating or generated from any of the 
foregoing information of the disclosing Party.  The disclosing Party’s Confidential 
Information may also include information obtained by the disclosing Party from its client 
companies or other third parties who have entrusted their confidential information to the 
disclosing Party.   

Confidential Information shall not, however, include any information which the receiving 
Party can establish by written records: (i) was publicly known and generally available in the 
public domain prior to the time of disclosure by the disclosing Party to the receiving Party; (ii) 
becomes publicly known and generally available after disclosure by the disclosing Party to 
the receiving Party through no action or inaction of the receiving Party or any of its 
employees or agents; (iii) was already in possession of the receiving Party, as evidenced by 
receiving Party’s contemporaneous records, immediately prior to the time of disclosure to the 
receiving Party by the disclosing Party; (iv) is obtained by the receiving Party from a third 
party who has a right to disclose such information free of any obligation of confidentiality 
and who is not providing such information on behalf of the disclosing Party; or (v) is 
independently developed by the receiving Party without use of or reference to the disclosing 
Party's Confidential Information and other than under an agreement with the disclosing 
Party.  

3.    Non-Use and Non-Disclosure of Confidential Information.  The receiving Party 
agrees not to, directly or indirectly,  use or allow any third party to use, any Confidential 
Information of the disclosing Party for any purpose other than the Purpose or as otherwise 
approved in writing by the disclosing Party.  The receiving Party agrees not to disclose any 
Confidential Information of the disclosing Party to any third party or to receiving Party's 
employees, except to those employees or consultants of the receiving Party or any of its 
affiliates who have a specific need to know such information in order to advise the receiving 
Party with respect to the Purpose and who are bound by written or professional obligations of 
confidentiality and restrictions on use that apply to Confidential Information of the 
disclosing Party and are at least as stringent as those set forth in this Agreement. 

4.    Disclosure Required by Law.  Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the 
contrary, the receiving Party may disclose Confidential Information of disclosing Party to the 
extent such disclosure is required by applicable law, including pursuant to subpoena or other 
court order, provided that the receiving Party gives the disclosing Party prompt written notice 
of such requirement prior to such disclosure and cooperates with the disclosing Party’s 
efforts to limit the scope of the information to be provided or to obtain an order protecting the 
information from public disclosure.  This Agreement may also be disclosed to the extent 
required under the Japanese statute titled Act on Access to Information Held by Incorporated 
Administrative Agency (December 5, 2001, Law 140). 

5.    Maintenance of Confidentiality. The receiving Party shall take at least those 
measures to protect the confidentiality of the Confidential Information of the disclosing Party, 
and to prevent unauthorized use of such Confidential Information, as the receiving Party uses 
to protect its own confidential information of a similar nature, but not less than reasonable 
care.  

6.    No Obligation. Nothing in this Agreement shall obligate any Party to disclose any 
Confidential Information, to enter into any other agreement, or to proceed with any 
transaction between them, and each Party reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to 
terminate the discussions contemplated by this Agreement concerning the Purpose. 

 


7.    No Warranty.  All confidential information is provided "as is.”  None of the parties 
make any warranties, express, implied or otherwise, to the other party regarding the accuracy, 
completeness or performance of confidential information disclosed under this agreement 
except that it has the right to disclose such confidential information under this agreement. 

8.    Return of Materials.  The receiving Party shall return to the disclosing Party all of the 
disclosing Party's Confidential Information in its possession and destroy or delete from its 
equipment all materials containing Confidential Information. One copy of such Confidential 
Information may be retained by the receiving Party for the purpose of complying with this 
Agreement.  The return of Confidential Information shall not affect the obligations of the 
receiving Party to treat the Confidential Information as confidential and to restrict its use 
thereof. 

9.    Property.  The Confidential Information shall at all times remain the property of the 
disclosing Party.  For the avoidance of doubt, information provided by each respective Party 
with respect to the terms of the potential transaction shall be deemed to be the property of 
such Party. 

10.   Term.  The obligations of the receiving Party under this Agreement with regard to 
non-disclosure and restrictions on use of Confidential Information of the disclosing Party 
disclosed under this Agreement shall survive any termination or expiration of any Services 
Agreement, and shall continue in effect for a period ending five (5) years after the date of 
termination or expiration of this Agreement. 

11.   Remedies.  The receiving Party agrees that in the event of any breach or threatened 
breach of this Agreement by the receiving Party or its officers, employees, consultants, or 
agents, the disclosing Party shall be entitled to compensation for actual damages for any loss 
incurred by reason of such breach or threatened breach, including all reasonable attorneys’ 
fees and costs.  The receiving Party further agrees that any such breach or threatened breach 
of this Agreement may result in irreparable injury to the disclosing Party, for which monetary 
damages may be an inadequate remedy, and agrees that the disclosing Party shall be entitled 
to temporary and permanent injunctive relief as necessary to restrain such breach or 
threatened breach and to otherwise specifically enforce the provisions of this Agreement. 
 

12.   Material Inside Information.  Each Party acknowledges that it is aware that U.S. and 
Japanese securities laws restrict persons with material non-public information about a 
company obtained directly or indirectly from that company under obligations of 
confidentiality from purchasing or selling securities of such company, or from 
communicating such information to any other person.  Each Party hereby agrees and 
undertakes to comply with any such provisions and to use its reasonable efforts to cause its 
Representatives to comply with such provisions, in each case to the extent and where 
applicable. 

13.   Dispute Resolution.  The Parties shall use all reasonable efforts to resolve any 
disputes, controversies or differences arising out of or in connection with this Agreement 
amicably, including the use of a mutually agreeable, non-binding mediation procedure.  Any 
dispute which cannot be settled by mutual agreement or mediation shall be finally and 
exclusively settled by arbitration held in Chicago, IL and conducted by the American 
Arbitration Association (“AAA”) in accordance with the International Arbitration rules of 
the AAA, as modified or amended by the following provisions.  Arbitration shall be by three 
(3) arbitrators, one chosen by each of the Parties.  

14.   Miscellaneous.  This Agreement shall bind and inure to the benefit of the Parties 
hereto and their successors and permitted assignees.  Neither of the Parties may assign this 
Agreement without the prior written consent of the other Party.   This Agreement shall be 
governed by the laws of Illinois without reference to conflict of laws principles.  This 
document contains the entire agreement between the Parties with respect to the subject matter 
hereof.  Any failure to enforce any provision of this Agreement shall not constitute a waiver 
of such provision or of any other provision.  Each Party shall have, in addition to any 
remedies available at law, the right to seek equitable relief to enforce this Agreement without 
the need for a bond or to prove harm.  This Agreement may not be amended, nor any 
obligation waived, except by a written document signed by both Parties. This Agreement 
may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original and 
all of which together shall be deemed to constitute one agreement.  It is understood and 
agreed that if facsimile copies of this Agreement bearing facsimile signatures are exchanged 
between the Parties, such copies shall in all respects have the same weight, force and legal 
effect and shall be fully as valid, binding, and enforceable as if such signed facsimile copies 
were original documents bearing original signature.   

      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have executed this Agreement as of the date 
and year written above. 

       
For JETRO:                                                              For The Representative: 
 
___________________________                   _________________________ 
NAME:  Hiroyuki Nemoto                        NAME:  
TITLE:  Chief Executive Director                           TITLE: 



 
