Exhibit (e)(3)
NONDISCLOSURE AGREEMENT
This Nondisclosure Agreement (this “Agreement”) is dated November 2, 2010, by and between Rovi
Corporation, a Delaware corporation (“Rovi”) and Sonic Solutions, a California corporation (“Sonic”). For
purposes hereof, the party disclosing Conﬁdential Information (as deﬁned in Section 1) may be referred to as
“Discloser” and the party receiving Conﬁdential Information may be referred to as “Recipient.” The term
“Person” will be broadly interpreted to include any individual and any corporation, partnership, entity, group,
tribunal or governmental authority, and a party’s “Representatives” will be deemed to include each Person that
is or becomes an oﬃcer, director, employee, partner, attorney, advisor, accountant, agent or representative of
such party or of any of such party’s subsidiaries or other aﬃliates. The parties hereby agree as follows:

1. Conﬁdential Information. “Conﬁdential Information” includes: (a) any information (including, without
limitation, any technology, know-how, studies, patent applications, test results, business plans, budgets,
forecasts and projections) relating directly or indirectly to the business of Discloser, whether prepared by
Discloser or by any other Person and whether or not in written form, that is made available after the date
hereof to Recipient or any of its Representatives for the purpose of considering a Transaction; (b) any
memorandum, analysis, compilation, summary, interpretation, study, report or other document or material
that is or has been prepared by or for Recipient and that contains, reﬂects, interprets or is based directly or
indirectly upon any information of the type referred to in clause (a) of this sentence; (c) the existence and
terms of this Agreement; and (d) the fact that discussions or negotiations are or may be taking place with
respect to a possible Transaction (as deﬁned in Section 2); and (e) the proposed terms of any such Transaction.
If disclosed in written, recorded, graphical or other tangible form, Conﬁdential Information shall be marked
“Proprietary”, “Conﬁdential” or similar designation. If disclosed in oral form, Conﬁdential Information shall be
identiﬁed by the Discloser as “Proprietary”, “Conﬁdential” or similar designation at the time of oral disclosure,
with subsequent conﬁrmation in writing within thirty (30) days of such disclosure. Notwithstanding the
preceding two sentences, Conﬁdential Information shall include information which should be reasonably
construed by the Recipient to be conﬁdential. Notwithstanding the foregoing “Conﬁdential Information” will not
include any information that (i) is or becomes generally available to the public other than as a direct or indirect
result of the disclosure of any of such information by Recipient or any of its Representatives, (ii) was in
Recipient’s possession prior to the time it was ﬁrst made available to Recipient or any of its Representatives by
or on behalf of Discloser, provided that such information was not acquired improperly by the Recipient in
breach of any contractual or other obligation of conﬁdentiality to Discloser or any other Person with respect to
any of such information, (iii) becomes available to Recipient on a non-conﬁdential basis from a source other
than Discloser or any of its Representatives, provided that such information was not acquired improperly by
the Recipient in breach of any contractual or other obligation of conﬁdentiality to Discloser or any other Person
with respect to any of such information, or (iv) was independently developed by Recipient.

2. Limitations. Subject to Section 3, neither Recipient nor any of its Representatives will directly or indirectly:
(a) make use of any Conﬁdential Information, except for the speciﬁc purpose of considering, evaluating and
negotiating a possible negotiated transaction between the Sonic and Rovi (a “Transaction”); or (b) disclose any
Conﬁdential Information to any other Person. Recipient will be liable and responsible for any breach of this
Agreement by its Representatives and will, at its own expense, take actions necessary to restrain its
Representatives from making any unauthorized use or disclosure of any Conﬁdential Information.

3. Permitted Disclosures. Notwithstanding the limitations set forth in Section 2, Recipient may disclose
Conﬁdential Information to its Representatives, but only to the extent a Representative needs to know such
Conﬁdential Information for the purpose of helping Recipient in connection with a possible Transaction, and has
agreed to be bound by the provisions hereof. If Discloser notiﬁes Recipient in writing prior to the disclosure of
certain Conﬁdential Information that such Conﬁdential Information may be disclosed only to speciﬁed
Representatives of Recipient, then Recipient shall not disclose such Conﬁdential Information to any of its other
Representatives. If Recipient or any of its Representatives is required by law or governmental regulation or by
subpoena or other valid legal process to disclose any Conﬁdential Information to any Person, then Recipient
will immediately provide Discloser with written notice of the applicable law, regulation or process so that
Discloser may seek a protective order or other appropriate remedy. Recipient and its Representatives will
cooperate fully with Discloser in any attempt by Discloser to obtain any such protective order or other remedy.
If Discloser elects not to seek, or is unsuccessful in obtaining, any such protective order or other remedy, then
Recipient may disclose such Conﬁdential Information to the extent, but only to the extent, legally required;
provided that Recipient and its Representatives will use their reasonable eﬀorts to ensure that such
Conﬁdential Information is treated conﬁdentially by each Person to whom it is disclosed.

4. No Representations or Licenses. Neither party nor any of its Representatives will be under any
obligation to make any particular Conﬁdential Information available to Recipient or any of Recipient’s
Representatives or to supplement or update any Conﬁdential Information previously furnished. Neither party
nor any of its Representatives has made or is making any representation or warranty, express or implied, as to
the accuracy or completeness of any Conﬁdential Information, and neither party nor any of its Representatives
will have any liability to Recipient or to any of Recipient’s Representatives relating to or resulting from the use
of any Conﬁdential Information or any inaccuracies or errors therein or omissions therefrom. Only those
representations and warranties, if any, that are included in any ﬁnal deﬁnitive written agreement (a “Deﬁnitive
Agreement”) that provides for the consummation of the Transaction will have legal eﬀect. Unless the parties
enter into a Deﬁnitive Agreement, no agreement providing for a Transaction will be deemed to exist between
the parties, and neither party will be under any obligation to negotiate or enter into any such Transaction.
By making Conﬁdential Information or other information available hereunder, Discloser does not grant any
license or other right under or with respect to any patent, trade secret, copyright, trademark or other
proprietary or intellectual property right.

5. Term and Termination. This Agreement will continue for a period of one (1) year from the date hereof
unless earlier terminated. Either party may terminate this Agreement, with or without cause, upon ten
(10) days’ prior written notice to the other. The conﬁdentiality and other obligations regarding Conﬁdential
Information disclosed prior to such termination will survive for a period of three years after such disclosure.
Upon termination or at the request of Discloser at any time, Recipient and its Representatives will promptly
deliver to Discloser any Conﬁdential Information obtained or possessed by Recipient or any of its
Representatives; provided, however, that, in lieu of delivering to Discloser any written materials containing
Conﬁdential Information, Recipient may destroy such written materials and deliver to Discloser a certiﬁcate
conﬁrming their destruction. Notwithstanding the delivery to Discloser (or the destruction by Recipient) of
Conﬁdential Information pursuant to this Section 5, Recipient and its Representatives will continue to be bound
by their conﬁdentiality obligations and other obligations under this Agreement.

6. Remedies. Each party acknowledges that money damages would not be a suﬃcient remedy for any breach
of this Agreement, and that the non-breaching party could suﬀer irreparable harm as a result of such breach. Accordingly, 
the non-breaching party will also be entitled to equitable relief, including injunction and speciﬁc
performance, as a remedy for any breach or threatened breach of this Agreement.

7. Miscellaneous.
(a) To the extent that any Conﬁdential Information includes materials or other information that may be
subject to the attorney-client privilege, work product doctrine or any other applicable privilege or doctrine
concerning any pending, threatened or prospective action, suit, investigation, arbitration or dispute, it is
acknowledged and agreed that Recipient and Discloser have a commonality of interest with respect to such
action, suit, investigation, arbitration or dispute and that it is their mutual intention and understanding that the
sharing of such materials and other information is not intended to, and shall not waive or diminish the
continued protection of any of such materials or other information under any applicable privilege or doctrine.
Accordingly, all Conﬁdential Information that is entitled to protection under any applicable privilege or doctrine
shall remain entitled to protection thereunder and shall be entitled to protection under the joint defense
doctrine, and Recipient agrees to take measures necessary to preserve, to the fullest extent possible, the
applicability of all such privileges or doctrines.
(b) This Agreement and the transactions hereunder shall be governed by and construed and enforced in
accordance with the laws of the State of California, excluding conﬂict of law rules and principles. In the event
of any litigation between the parties, the prevailing party will be entitled to reasonable attorneys’ fees and all
costs incurred in enforcing this Agreement.
(c) This Agreement sets forth the entire understanding and agreement of the parties with respect to the
subject matter hereof and supersedes all other oral or written representations and understandings. The failure
to enforce any right will not be deemed a waiver of such or any other rights, including the right to enforce a
subsequent breach of the same obligation. If for any reason a court of competent jurisdiction ﬁnds any
provision of this Agreement, or portion thereof, to be unenforceable, that provision of the Agreement will be
enforced to the maximum extent permissible so as to eﬀect the intent of the parties, and the remainder of this
Agreement will continue in full force and eﬀect. This Agreement may be amended or modiﬁed only by a writing
signed by the parties. This Agreement will be binding upon the successors and assigns of both parties.
(d) This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which will be deemed an
original, but which collectively will constitute one and the same instrument. For purposes hereof, a facsimile or
electronic copy of this Agreement, including the signature page hereto, will be deemed to be an original.
(e) Each party agrees to comply with all export laws and regulations of the United States of America
applicable to any information disclosed hereunder.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Agreement to be executed by their duly authorized
representatives as of the date ﬁrst set forth above.
Rovi Corporation

Sonic Solutions

By:

By:

/s/ Paul F. Norris

Name: Pamela Sergeeﬀ

Name:

Paul F. Norris

Title:

Title:

EVP, CFO and General Counsel

/s/ Pamela Sergeeﬀ

Authorized Signatory

Date:

November 2, 2010

Notice Address:
Nondisclosure Agreement

Date:

November 2, 2010

Notice Address: