NONDISCLOSURE AGREEMENT
THIS NONDISCLOSURE AGREEMENT (this “Agreement”), made as of this date:____________________
(the “Effective Date”) _________________________, a _________________________________Company
Name, and its affiliates, (“Recipient”), with an address of________________________________________
for the benefit of JDS Real Estate Services, Inc (collectively, Recipient and Discloser are the “Parties”).
RECITALS:
WHEREAS, Recipient been advised that Discloser is acting as the agent to the owner of the Property
known as the Medical Clinic of Payson and located at 1106 N. Beeline HWY., Payson, AZ (the “Property”);
WHEREAS, Discloser is willing to provide to Recipient the certain information pursuant to the terms set
forth herein in order to facilitate a potential transaction between Recipient and the owner to the Property in
connection with the Property (the “Transaction”);
WHEREAS, subject to full execution of this Agreement by all Parties, the Discloser intends to provide
Recipient with certain proprietary and confidential information as determined by Discloser relating to the
Transaction. All of the information listed above, and any other reports, materials or information obtained by
Recipient and its affiliates and/or their respective employees, attorneys or accountants (collectively,
“Representatives”), without regard to whether a court of law would deem such materials confidential or
privileged, are collectively referred to as the “Confidential Information.”
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the undertakings, and subject to the terms and conditions
set forth in this Agreement, as a condition to the disclosure by Discloser to Recipient of any Confidential
Information, the Parties agree as follows:

1. Confidentiality and Nondisclosure.
(a) Recipient agrees that it will not, directly or indirectly, without the prior written consent of
Discloser, disclose or authorize or permit anyone under its direction to disclose to anyone any
of such Confidential Information; provided, however, that Recipient may disclose the
Confidential Information to those of its Representatives who are engaged to assist in the review
of the Transaction if Recipient provides its Representatives with a copy of this Agreement and
informs its Representatives of its obligations hereunder. Recipient agrees that neither it nor the
Representatives will use any Confidential Information other than in connection with the
evaluation of the Transaction. Recipient assumes the obligation to assure that its
Representatives who, by reason of their involvement herein will have access to the Confidential
Information, will abide by the terms of this Agreement and will not use or disclose any portion
of the Confidential Information in any manner inconsistent with this Agreement.

(b) Recipient will take all reasonable measures to prevent its Representatives from unauthorized
use or disclosure of the Confidential Information. Recipient will promptly notify the Discloser in
writing if any information comes to Recipient’s attention that may indicate there was or is likely
to be a loss of confidentiality of any portion of the Confidential Information, and Recipient shall
use reasonable efforts to retrieve the lost or wrongfully disclosed Confidential Information and
to prevent further unauthorized disclosure of the Confidential Information. Recipient will be
responsible for any breach of this Agreement by Recipient and/or its Representatives.
(c) Recipient and its Representatives will not, without the prior written consent of Discloser,
disclose to any person the fact that the Confidential Information exists or has been made
available, that Recipient is considering the Transaction, or that discussions or negotiations are
taking or have taken place concerning the Transaction, or any term, condition or other act
relating to the Transaction or such discussions or negotiations, including without limitation, the
status thereof.
(d) Confidential Information shall not include information which has come within the public domain
through no fault or action by Recipient or information which is obtained after the Effective Date
by Recipient from any third party which is lawfully in possession of such information and not in
violation of any contractual or legal obligation with respect to such information; provided that,
with respect to any of the foregoing exceptions, Recipient will, within ten (10) business days of
any request therefor by Discloser, provide Discloser with satisfactory written evidence that such
Confidential Information is or was within the public domain, or obtained from a third party having
lawful possession thereof, as the case may be, at the time such disclosure was made to
Recipient.
(e) Recipient and its Representatives will not discuss any details of the Confidential Information
with any third-party except as otherwise provided herein.
(f) Recipient agrees that neither the Discloser nor its agents shall have any liability to Recipient
resulting from the use of the Confidential Information supplied hereunder, except that nothing
herein shall waive any rights or obligations Recipient or Discloser or its agents may have with
respect to the contents of the Confidential Information.

2. Non-Circumvent.
In consideration of Discloser’s disclosure of the Confidential Information, and without limiting
anything else set forth herein, neither Recipient nor any of its Representatives shall at any time prior to the
date immediately preceding the second (2nd) anniversary date of this Agreement, without the prior written
consent of Discloser, which consent may be withheld by Discloser in its sole discretion, take any action,
directly or indirectly, to undertake the Transaction including, without limitation, attempting in any manner,
directly or indirectly, to contact a potential seller or any of its shareholders, officers, directors, or affiliates,
introduced or revealed to Recipient by Discloser, to undertake or complete the Transaction.

3. Destruction/Return of Confidential Information.
Recipient, upon the request of Discloser, will either (a) promptly destroy all copies of the written
Confidential Information in Recipient’s and/or any Representative’s possession, including but not limited to
written summaries of any oral analyses, compilations, studies, or other documents prepared by the
Recipient or any Representative in connection with the Transaction or provided by Discloser, and confirm
such destruction to Discloser in writing, or (b) promptly deliver to Discloser, at Recipient’s own expense, all
copies of such written Confidential Information in Recipient’s and/or any Representative’s possession;
provided that nothing herein shall require Recipient to produce particular documents or information that
constitute attorney-client privilege or attorney work-product (however, Discloser expressly retains the right
to challenge any designation of attorney-client privilege or attorney work-product). Any oral Confidential
Information will continue to be subject to the terms of this Agreement.

4. Legal Disclosure.
In the event that Recipient or its Representatives are requested pursuant to, or required by,
applicable law, regulation or legal process to disclose any of the Confidential Information, Recipient will
promptly notify Discloser, in writing, so that Discloser may seek a protective order or other appropriate
remedy or, in Discloser’s sole discretion, waive compliance with the terms of this Agreement. Recipient will
cooperate in Discloser’s efforts to obtain a protective order or other reasonable assurance that confidential
treatment will be given to the Confidential Information and the existence of the Transaction or discussions
between the Parties relating to the Transaction. In the event that no such protective order or other remedy
is obtained, or that Discloser does not waive compliance with the terms of this Agreement, Recipient will
furnish only that portion of the Confidential Information which Recipient has a duty as a matter of law to
disclose, such determination to be made in good faith reliance on the written advice and direction of
Recipient’s legal counsel.

5. Remedies.
In the event of a breach or threatened breach by Recipient of the provisions of this Agreement,
Recipient agrees that the remedy at law available to Discloser would be inadequate and that Discloser
shall be entitled to seek an injunction, without the necessity of posting bond therefore, restraining
Recipient from disclosing, in whole or in part, such Confidential Information. Nothing herein shall be
construed as prohibiting Discloser from pursuing any other remedies, at law or in equity, in addition to
the injunctive relief available under this Agreement, for such breach or threatened breach, including the
recovery of consequential and punitive damages from Recipient. In addition, in the event of any violation
of this Agreement by Recipient or its Representatives, Recipient shall reimburse the Discloser and its
affiliates for all costs and expenses, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, incurred in order to enforce the
provisions of this Agreement or exercise any remedies for a violation thereof.

6. Waiver.
Recipient agrees that no failure or delay by Discloser in exercising any right, power or privilege
hereunder will operate as a waiver thereof, nor will any single or partial exercise thereof preclude any
other or further exercise thereof of the exercise of any right power or privilege hereunder.

7. Binding Agreement and Assignment.
This Agreement shall be binding upon Recipient, its Representatives, its personal
representatives, successors and assigns, and shall run to the benefit of Discloser and its affiliates,
successors and assigns. This Agreement is not assignable by Recipient, and any attempted assignment
by Recipient shall constitute a material breach by such party.

8. Severability.
If any portion of this Agreement is held to be invalid or unenforceable for any reason, it is agreed
that said invalidity or unenforceability shall not affect the other portions of this Agreement and that the
remaining covenants, terms and conditions or valid portions thereof shall remain in full force and effect
and any court of competent jurisdiction may so modify the objectionable provision as to make it valid,
reasonable and enforceable.

9. Notice.
Any notice or communication required or permitted to be given by any provision of this
Agreement shall be deemed to have been effectively given and received on the date personally delivered
to the party to whom it is directed or when deposited by registered or certified mail, with postage prepaid,
and addressed as set forth on the signature page hereof. Either party may change its notice address by
delivering a written change of address to the other party in the manner set forth in this paragraph.

10. Applicable Law.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of
Arizona, without giving effect to the principles of conflict of laws thereof. Any action to enforce or construe
the terms of this Agreement shall be brought in a state or federal court of competent jurisdiction in
Arizona.

11. Entire Agreement.
This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties hereto with respect to the
subject matter of this Agreement and supersedes and is in full substitution of any and all prior agreements
and understandings whether written or oral between the parties relating to the subject matter of this
Agreement. No modification, amendments or waiver of the terms and conditions hereof shall be binding
upon Discloser, unless approved in writing by Discloser.
This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall constitute an original, but
all of which shall constitute one agreement. This Agreement may be executed by facsimile and PDF copy
signature or other electronic means, which shall be accepted as if they were original execution
signatures.

and its affiliates
By:
Name:
Title:

Address:
Phone:
