Non-Disclosure Agreement

1. Definitions.  “Confidential  Information”   means  any  of  Discloser’s information,
encompasses non-public data that offers an economic benefit, such as proprietary data, intellectual property, 
economic, technological, strategic data, unpatented IP, trade secrets, software codes, systems, methodologies, 
marketing strategies, financial data, customer insights, and product plans. 
Confidential Information also includes any analyses, compilations, or studies prepared by the Recipient that contain or are derived from the Discloser's Confidential Information.
All  Confidential  Information  disclosed  in  tangible form  must  be  marked  as  “confidential”  or  “proprietary”  or  with  words  of  similar  import,  and  all
Confidential Information disclosed orally must be identified as confidential.  “Affiliate”,  with respect to any Person, means
any other Person that, directly or indirectly, is controlled by, controls or is under common control with that
Person,  including,  without  limitation,  any  officer,  director,  manager,  general  partner,  controlling
stockholder or managing member of any Person.  “Control”,  with respect to any Person, means the power,
directly  or  indirectly,  to  direct  the  management  and  policies  of  that  Person.  “Person”  shall  be  broadly
interpreted  to  include,  without  limitation,  any  individual,  corporation,  company,  association,  partnership,
joint venture, trust, estate, governmental agency or other entity of whatsoever kind or nature.
The definition of "Person" is intended to be as inclusive as possible to ensure comprehensive coverage of the NDA.

2. Exceptions.  Confidential Information does not include information which: (i)  is  in  the  possession  of  the
Recipient at the time of disclosure as shown by the Recipient’s files and records immediately prior to the
time  of  disclosure;  (ii)  prior  or  after  the  time  of  disclosure  becomes  part  of  the  public  knowledge  or
literature, not as a result of any inaction or action of the Recipient; (iii) is lawfully obtained from a third
party without any breach of a confidentiality obligation to the Discloser; (iv) is approved for release by the
Discloser in writing; or (v) is shown by written record to be developed independently by the Recipient.
Also General knowledge, skills, and experience acquired by the Recipient in the course of their activities are not considered Confidential Information.

3. Non-use  and  Nondisclosure.   The  Recipient  agrees  not  to  use  the  Confidential  Information  for  any
purpose  except  to  conduct  the  Strategic  Discussions.  Recipient  will  not  disclose  any  Confidential
Information to any third parties except those directors, officers, employees, consultants and agents who
have a need to know the Confidential Information in order to carry out the Strategic Discussions. Recipient
shall ensure that all such persons are bound by non-disclosure terms in content substantially similar to this
NDA. Recipient will be responsible for breaches of this NDA by any such person. Recipient agrees that it
will  take  all  reasonable  measures  to  protect  the  secrecy  of  and  avoid  disclosure  or  use  of  Confidential
Information, which measures shall include the highest degree of care the Recipient utilizes to protect its
own Confidential Information of a similar nature, but in no event less than a reasonable degree of care.
The Recipient shall implement and maintain appropriate technical and organizational measures to ensure the security and confidentiality of the Confidential Information.
Recipient  agrees  to  notify  Discloser  in  writing  of  any  misuse  or  misappropriation  of  such  Confidential
Information which may come to its attention.

4. Legal Disclosure. In the event that Recipient or its Representatives are requested pursuant to, or required by,
applicable law, regulation or legal process to disclose any of the Confidential Information, Recipient will
promptly notify Discloser, in writing, so that Discloser may seek a protective order or other appropriate
remedy. The Recipient shall not oppose or interfere with efforts by the Discloser to seek a protective order or other remedy to prevent or limit disclosure of the Confidential Information. 
Recipient will cooperate in Discloser’s efforts to obtain a protective order or other reasonable assurance that confidential
treatment will be given to the Confidential Information and the existence of the Transaction or discussions
between the Parties relating to the Transaction. In the event that no such protective order or other remedy
is obtained, or that Discloser does not waive compliance with the terms of this Agreement, Recipient will
furnish only that portion of the Confidential Information which Recipient has a duty as a matter of law to
disclose.

5. Return or Destruction of Confidential Information. Upon the expiration or termination
of this Agreement, or at the Disclosing Party's request at any time during the term of
this Agreement, the Recipient and its Representatives shall promptly return to the
Disclosing Party all copies, whether in written, electronic or other form or media, of
the Disclosing Party's Confidential Information, or destroy all such copies and
confirm the same in writing to the Disclosing Party; provided, that the Recipient and
its Representatives may retain such Confidential Information as is necessary to
enable it to comply with its reasonable document retention policies. 

6. No  License  Granted.   Nothing  in  this  NDA  is  intended  to  grant  Recipient  any  rights  under  any  patent,
copyright, trade secret or other intellectual property right, nor shall this NDA grant Recipient any rights in
or to Discloser’s Confidential Information except the limited right to review such Confidential Information
solely for the purposes set forth in Section 1. All such rights shall remain exclusively owned by Discloser.
Any improvement, enhancement, or derivative work made by the Recipient based on the Discloser's Confidential Information shall be the property of the Discloser.
Recipient shall not derive or attempt to derive source code, reverse engineer, disassemble or decompile
any products, models, prototypes, software or other objects that embody the Confidential Information of
the Discloser.

7. No  Representations.   Recipient  hereby  acknowledges  that  the  Discloser  makes  no  representation  or
warranty, express or implied, as to the accuracy or completeness of the Confidential Information  or  any
component thereof, and that any information being provided by the Discloser pursuant to this NDA is being
provided “as is”. The parties agree that any Strategic Discussions contemplated by this NDA may or may
not lead to business or other relationships between them and no party has any obligation to disclose any
Confidential Information or conclude any such relationships or enter into any further agreements.

8. Term and Termination. The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective
Date and shall expire 18 months from the Effective Date, provided that either Party
may terminate this Agreement at any time by providing written notice to the other
Party. Provided that for any and all trade secrets of the Disclosing Party, the
Confidential Period shall last for as long as such Confidential Information qualifies
as a trade secret under applicable federal, state and/or local law.

9. Publicity.  Recipient agrees that neither Recipient nor its Affiliates or representatives shall disclose to any
Person who is not authorized to receive the Confidential Information either the fact that this NDA exists,
that  discussions  or  negotiations  are  taking  place  concerning  Strategic  Discussions  or  any  of  the  terms,
conditions  or  other  facts  with  respect  to  any  aspect  of  the  Strategic  Discussions,  including  the  status
thereof or the Persons involved.

9. Use of Name and Logo. Neither party shall use the name, logo, or trademarks of the other party for any promotional, advertising, or other commercial purposes without the prior written consent of the other party.

10. Binding Agreement and Assignment. This Agreement shall be binding upon Recipient, its Representatives, its personal
representatives, successors and assigns, and shall run to the benefit of Discloser and its affiliates,
successors and assigns. 

11. Assignment. This Agreement is not assignable by Recipient, and any attempted assignment
by Recipient shall constitute a material breach by such party.

12. Waiver. Recipient agrees that no failure or delay by Discloser in exercising any right, power or privilege
hereunder will operate as a waiver thereof, nor will any single or partial exercise thereof preclude any
other or further exercise thereof of the exercise of any right power or privilege hereunder. No waiver by either Party of any right or remedy hereunder shall be valid unless set forth in writing and signed by the Party giving such waiver.  


13. Severability. If any portion of this Agreement is held to be invalid or unenforceable for any reason, it is agreed
that said invalidity or unenforceability shall not affect the other portions of this Agreement and that the
remaining covenants, terms and conditions or valid portions thereof shall remain in full force and effect
and any court of competent jurisdiction may so modify the objectionable provision as to make it valid,
reasonable and enforceable.

14. Entire Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties hereto with respect to the
subject matter of this Agreement and supersedes and is in full substitution of any and all prior agreements
and understandings whether written or oral between the parties relating to the subject matter of this
Agreement. Any prior negotiations, representations, or agreements, whether written or oral, are merged into this Agreement.


16. Execution. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall constitute an original, but
all of which shall constitute one agreement. This Agreement may be executed by facsimile and PDF copy
signature or other electronic means, which shall be accepted as if they were original execution
signatures.

17. Export laws.  Each party agrees to comply with all export laws and regulations of the United States of America
applicable to any information disclosed hereunder. The Parties acknowledge that certain information and technology may be subject to export control laws 
and regulations and agree to comply with such laws and regulations.

18. Document structure. The headings of the Sections of this Agreement are inserted for
convenience only and do not constitute a part hereof or affect in any way the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement. 

19. Governing  Law  and  Jurisdiction.   This  NDA  shall  be  governed  by  and  construed  and  enforced  in
accordance with the internal law of the State of California, without regard to any choice-of-law provisions,
and  shall  be  binding  upon  the  parties  hereto  in  the  United  States  and  worldwide.  The  federal  and  state
courts located in the State of California shall have exclusive jurisdiction to adjudicate any dispute arising
out of this NDA. 

20. Ethical Conduct. Both parties agree to conduct their business in accordance with the highest ethical standards and in compliance with all applicable anti-corruption, anti-bribery, and anti-money laundering laws and regulations. Each party shall implement and maintain policies and procedures to ensure adherence to these standards and laws.

21.   Material Inside Information.  Each Party acknowledges that it is aware that U.S. and 
Japanese securities laws restrict persons with material non-public information about a 
company obtained directly or indirectly from that company under obligations of 
confidentiality from purchasing or selling securities of such company, or from 
communicating such information to any other person.  Each Party hereby agrees and 
undertakes to comply with any such provisions and to use its reasonable efforts to cause its 
Representatives to comply with such provisions, in each case to the extent and where 
applicable. 

22. Data Integrity. The Recipient agrees to maintain the integrity of the Confidential Information by ensuring that it is not altered, deleted, or tampered with in any unauthorized manner. Any accidental or unauthorized alterations must be reported to the Discloser immediately.

22.   Dispute Resolution.  The Parties shall use all reasonable efforts to resolve any 
disputes, controversies or differences arising out of or in connection with this Agreement 
amicably, including the use of a mutually agreeable, non-binding mediation procedure.  
In the event of any inconsistency between the terms of this Agreement and any other related document, the terms of this Agreement shall govern. 
Any dispute which cannot be settled by mutual agreement or mediation shall be finally and 
exclusively settled by arbitration held in Chicago, IL and conducted by the American 
Arbitration Association (“AAA”) in accordance with the International Arbitration rules of 
the AAA, as modified or amended by the following provisions. 
Each Party shall bear its own costs and expenses of the arbitration, and the costs of the arbitration tribunal shall be shared equally between the Parties, unless otherwise determined by the arbitrators.


25. Notice. All notices required or permitted hereunder shall be in writing.
Any notice or communication that is delivered after business hours shall be deemed to have been given and received on the next business day.
Any notice or communication required or permitted to be given by any provision of this
Agreement shall be deemed to have been effectively given and received on the date personally delivered
to the party to whom it is directed. Either party may change its notice address by
delivering a written change of address to the other party in the manner set forth in this paragraph.
