Non-Disclosure Agreement

1. Definitions.  “Confidential  Information”   means  any  of  Discloser’s information,
encompasses non-public data that offers an economic benefit, such as proprietary data, intellectual property, 
economic, technological, strategic data, unpatented IP, trade secrets, software codes, systems, methodologies, 
marketing strategies, financial data, customer insights, and product plans.  All  Confidential  Information  disclosed  
in  tangible form  must  be  marked  as  “confidential”  or  “proprietary”  or  with  words  of  similar  import,  and  all
Confidential Information disclosed orally must be identified as confidential at the time  of  disclosure  and
summarized in writing within thirty (30) days of disclosure.   “Control”,  with respect to any Person, means the power,
directly  or  indirectly,  to  direct  the  management  and  policies  of  that  Person.  “Person”  shall  be  broadly
interpreted  to  include,  without  limitation,  any  individual,  corporation,  company,  association,  partnership,
joint venture, trust, estate, governmental agency or other entity of whatsoever kind or nature.

2. Exceptions.  Confidential Information does not include information which: (i)  is  in  the  possession  of  the
Recipient at the time of disclosure as shown by the Recipient’s files and records immediately prior to the
time  of  disclosure;  (ii)  prior  or  after  the  time  of  disclosure  becomes  part  of  the  public  knowledge  or
literature, not as a result of any inaction or action of the Recipient; (iii) is lawfully obtained from a third
party without any breach of a confidentiality obligation to the Discloser; (iv) is approved for release by the
Discloser in writing; or (v) is shown by written record to be developed independently by the Recipient.

3. Non-use  and  Nondisclosure.  Recipient  will  not  disclose  any  Confidential
Information to any third parties except those directors, officers, employees, consultants and agents who
have a need to know the Confidential Information in order to carry out the Strategic Discussions. Recipient
shall ensure that all such persons are bound by non-disclosure terms in content substantially similar to this
NDA. Recipient will be responsible for breaches of this NDA by any such person. Recipient agrees that it
will  take  all  reasonable  measures  to  protect  the  secrecy  of  and  avoid  disclosure  or  use  of  Confidential
Information, which measures shall include the highest degree of care the Recipient utilizes to protect its
own Confidential Information of a similar nature, but in no event less than a reasonable degree of care.
Recipient  agrees  to  notify  Discloser  in  writing  of  any  misuse  or  misappropriation  of  such  Confidential
Information which may come to its attention.

4. Legal Disclosure. In the event that Recipient or its Representatives are requested pursuant to, or required by,
applicable law, regulation or legal process to disclose any of the Confidential Information, Recipient will
promptly notify Discloser, in writing, so that Discloser may seek a protective order or other appropriate
remedy. Recipient will cooperate in Discloser’s efforts to obtain a protective order or other reasonable assurance that confidential
treatment will be given to the Confidential Information and the existence of the Transaction or discussions
between the Parties relating to the Transaction. In the event that no such protective order or other remedy
is obtained, or that Discloser does not waive compliance with the terms of this Agreement, Recipient will
furnish only that portion of the Confidential Information which Recipient has a duty as a matter of law to
disclose.

5. Return or Destruction of Confidential Information. Upon the expiration or termination
of this Agreement, or at the Disclosing Party's request at any time during the term of
this Agreement, the Recipient and its Representatives shall promptly return to the
Disclosing Party all copies, whether in written, electronic or other form or media, of
the Disclosing Party's Confidential Information, or destroy all such copies and
confirm the same in writing to the Disclosing Party; provided, that the Recipient and
its Representatives may retain such Confidential Information as is necessary to
enable it to comply with its reasonable document retention policies. 

7. No  Representations.   Any information being provided by the Discloser pursuant to this NDA is being
provided “as is”. The parties agree that any Strategic Discussions contemplated by this NDA may or may
not lead to business or other relationships between them and no party has any obligation to disclose any
Confidential Information or conclude any such relationships or enter into any further agreements.

8. Term and Termination. The term of this Agreement shall expire 18 months from the Effective Date, provided that either Party
may terminate this Agreement at any time by providing written notice to the other
Party. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, each Party's rights and
obligations under this Agreement, irrespective of termination of this Agreement,
shall survive until the 18 month anniversary of this Agreement, provided that for any and all trade secrets of the Disclosing Party, the
Confidential Period shall last for as long as such Confidential Information qualifies
as a trade secret under applicable federal, state and/or local law.

11. Assignment. This Agreement is not assignable by Recipient, and any attempted assignment
by Recipient shall constitute a material breach by such party.

12. Waiver. Recipient agrees that no failure or delay by Discloser in exercising any right, power or privilege
hereunder will operate as a waiver thereof. No waiver by either Party of any right or remedy hereunder shall be valid unless set forth in writing and signed by the Party giving such waiver.  


13. Severability. If any portion of this Agreement is held to be invalid or unenforceable for any reason, it is agreed
that said invalidity or unenforceability shall not affect the other portions of this Agreement and that the
remaining covenants, terms and conditions or valid portions thereof shall remain in full force and effect
and any court of competent jurisdiction may so modify the objectionable provision as to make it valid,
reasonable and enforceable.

14. Entire Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties hereto with respect to the
subject matter of this Agreement and supersedes and is in full substitution of any and all prior agreements
and understandings whether written or oral between the parties relating to the subject matter of this
Agreement. 

15. Amendments. No modification, amendments or waiver of the terms and conditions hereof shall be binding
upon Discloser, unless approved in writing by Discloser.

16. Execution. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall constitute an original, but
all of which shall constitute one agreement. This Agreement may be executed by facsimile and PDF copy
signature or other electronic means, which shall be accepted as if they were original execution
signatures.

17. Export laws.  Each party agrees to comply with all export laws and regulations of the United States of America
applicable to any information disclosed hereunder.

18. Document structure. The headings of the Sections of this Agreement are inserted for
convenience only and do not constitute a part hereof or affect in any way the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement. 

19. Governing  Law  and  Jurisdiction.   This  NDA  shall  be  governed  by  and  construed  and  enforced  in
accordance with the internal law of the State of California, without regard to any choice-of-law provisions,
and  shall  be  binding  upon  the  parties  hereto  in  the  United  States  and  worldwide.  The  federal  and  state
courts located in the State of California shall have exclusive jurisdiction to adjudicate any dispute arising
out of this NDA.

20. Remedies.  The receiving Party agrees that in the event of any breach or threatened 
breach of this Agreement by the receiving Party or its officers, employees, consultants, or 
agents, the disclosing Party shall be entitled to compensation for actual damages for any loss 
incurred by reason of such breach or threatened breach, including all reasonable attorneys’ 
fees and costs.  The receiving Party further agrees that monetary damages may be an inadequate remedy for any such breach or threatened breach  of this Agreement, and agrees that the disclosing Party shall be entitled 
to temporary and permanent injunctive relief as necessary to restrain such breach or 
threatened breach and to otherwise specifically enforce the provisions of this Agreement. If either Party causes a disclosure of the other Party’s Confidential Information in breach of the terms of this
Agreement, the disclosing Party shall shall save, defend,
indemnify and hold the non-disclosing Party harmless from and against any and all liability and damages suffered by the nondisclosing Party arising therefrom. In addition to the foregoing and without limitation thereof, the disclosing Party shall
cooperate in prosecuting any claims against third parties for unauthorized use of any Confidential Information. 


21.   Material Inside Information.  Each Party acknowledges that it is aware that U.S. and 
Japanese securities laws restrict persons with material non-public information about a 
company obtained directly or indirectly from that company under obligations of 
confidentiality from purchasing or selling securities of such company. Each Party hereby agrees and 
undertakes to comply with any such provisions and to use its reasonable efforts to cause its 
Representatives to comply with such provisions, in each case to the extent and where 
applicable. 

22.   Dispute Resolution.  The Parties shall use all reasonable efforts to resolve any 
disputes, controversies or differences arising out of or in connection with this Agreement 
amicably, including the use of a mutually agreeable, non-binding mediation procedure.  Any 
dispute which cannot be settled by mutual agreement or mediation shall be finally and 
exclusively settled by arbitration held in Chicago, IL and conducted by the American 
Arbitration Association (“AAA”) in accordance with the International Arbitration rules of 
the AAA, as modified or amended by the following provisions.  Arbitration shall be by three 
(3) arbitrators, one chosen by each of the Parties.  

23. Nonsolicitation. The Receiving Party agrees that for a period of one year neither it nor its Affiliates who receive confidential
information shall directly or indirectly initiate the solicitation of, without the consent of the Disclosing Party, (a) any executive
officer of the Disclosing Party or of any of its Affiliates or (b) any employee of the Disclosing Party or any of its Affiliates
actively engaged in the review of the Transaction for employment, advisory or consulting work; provided, however, neither party
shall be prohibited from (x) employing or otherwise working with any such person who contacts such party solely on his or her own initiative and without direct or indirect solicitation by such party, (y) conducting general
solicitations for employees or general contractors (which solicitations are not specifically targeted at the other party’s employees)
through the use of media advertisements, professional search firms or otherwise, or (z) employing employees who are paid on an
hourly basis.

24. Non-Circumvent. In consideration of Discloser’s disclosure of the Confidential Information, and without limiting
anything else set forth herein, neither Recipient nor any of its Representatives shall at any time prior to the
date immediately preceding the second (2nd) anniversary date of this Agreement take any action,
directly or indirectly, to undertake the Transaction including, without limitation, attempting in any manner,
directly or indirectly, to contact a potential seller or any of its shareholders, officers, directors, or affiliates,
introduced or revealed to Recipient by Discloser, to undertake or complete the Transaction. Notwithstanding any to the contrary
herein, the Receiving Party and its Representatives shall not be restricted from
having a business relationship with the Disclosing Party’s clients, customers or
licenses with which it has a pre-existing, continuing relationship at the time of
entering into thus Agreement. In any event, Receiving Party shall not use any
Confidential Information in any way to the detriment t of the Disclosing Party.

25. Notice. All notices required or permitted hereunder shall be in writing.
Any notice or communication required or permitted to be given by any provision of this
Agreement shall be deemed to have been effectively given and received on the date personally delivered
to the party to whom it is directed. Either party may change its notice address by
delivering a written change of address to the other party in the manner set forth in this paragraph.
