Non-Disclosure Agreement

1. Definitions.  “Confidential  Information”   means  any  of  Discloser’s information,
encompasses non-public data that offers an economic benefit, such as proprietary data, intellectual property, 
economic, technological, strategic data, unpatented IP, trade secrets, software codes, systems, methodologies, 
marketing strategies, financial data, customer insights, and product plans.  All
Confidential Information disclosed orally must be identified as confidential at the time  of  disclosure  and
summarized in writing within thirty (30) days of disclosure.  “Affiliate”,  with respect to any Person, means
any other Person that, directly or indirectly, is controlled by, controls or is under common control with that
Person,  including,  without  limitation,  any  officer,  director,  manager,  general  partner,  controlling
stockholder or managing member of any Person.  “Control”,  with respect to any Person, means the power,
directly  or  indirectly,  to  direct  the  management  and  policies  of  that  Person.  “Person”  shall  be  broadly
interpreted  to  include,  without  limitation,  any  individual,  corporation,  company,  association,  partnership,
joint venture, trust, estate, governmental agency or other entity of whatsoever kind or nature.

2. Exceptions.  Confidential Information does not include information which: (i)  prior  or  after  the  time  of  disclosure  becomes  part  of  the  public  knowledge  or
literature, not as a result of any inaction or action of the Recipient; (ii) is lawfully obtained from a third
party without any breach of a confidentiality obligation to the Discloser; (iii) is approved for release by the
Discloser in writing; or (iv) is shown by written record to be developed independently by the Recipient.

3. Non-use  and  Nondisclosure.   The  Recipient  agrees  not  to  use  the  Confidential  Information  for  any
purpose  except  to  conduct  the  Strategic  Discussions.  Recipient  will  not  disclose  any  Confidential
Information to any third parties except those directors, officers, employees, consultants and agents who
have a need to know the Confidential Information in order to carry out the Strategic Discussions. Recipient
shall ensure that all such persons are bound by non-disclosure terms in content substantially similar to this
NDA. Recipient will be responsible for breaches of this NDA by any such person.

5. Return or Destruction of Confidential Information. Upon the expiration or termination
of this Agreement, or at the Disclosing Party's request at any time during the term of
this Agreement, the Recipient and its Representatives shall promptly return to the
Disclosing Party all copies, whether in written, electronic or other form or media, of
the Disclosing Party's Confidential Information, or destroy all such copies and
confirm the same in writing to the Disclosing Party; provided, that the Recipient and
its Representatives may retain such Confidential Information as is necessary to
enable it to comply with its reasonable document retention policies. 
Notwithstanding return, the recipient is still bound by confidentiality of information for two years after the return of information.

6. No  License  Granted.   Nothing  in  this  NDA  is  intended  to  grant  Recipient  any  rights  under  any  patent,
copyright, trade secret or other intellectual property right, nor shall this NDA grant Recipient any rights in
or to Discloser’s Confidential Information except the limited right to review such Confidential Information
solely for the purposes set forth in Section 1. All such rights shall remain exclusively owned by Discloser.
Recipient shall not derive or attempt to derive source code, reverse engineer, disassemble or decompile
any products, models, prototypes, software or other objects that embody the Confidential Information of
the Discloser.

7. No  Representations.   Recipient  hereby  acknowledges  that  the  Discloser  makes  no  representation  or
warranty, express or implied, as to the accuracy or completeness of the Confidential Information  or  any
component thereof, and that any information being provided by the Discloser pursuant to this NDA is being
provided “as is”. The parties agree that any Strategic Discussions contemplated by this NDA may or may
not lead to business or other relationships between them and no party has any obligation to disclose any
Confidential Information or conclude any such relationships or enter into any further agreements.

9. Publicity.  Recipient agrees that neither Recipient nor its Affiliates or representatives shall disclose to any
Person who is not authorized to receive the Confidential Information either the fact that this NDA exists,
that  discussions  or  negotiations  are  taking  place  concerning  Strategic  Discussions  or  any  of  the  terms,
conditions  or  other  facts  with  respect  to  any  aspect  of  the  Strategic  Discussions,  including  the  status
thereof or the Persons involved.

10. Binding Agreement and Assignment. This Agreement shall be binding upon Recipient, its Representatives, its personal
representatives, successors and assigns, and shall run to the benefit of Discloser and its affiliates,
successors and assigns. 

11. Assignment. This Agreement is not assignable by Recipient.


13. Severability. If any portion of this Agreement is held to be invalid or unenforceable for any reason, it is agreed
that said invalidity or unenforceability shall not affect the other portions of this Agreement and that the
remaining covenants, terms and conditions or valid portions thereof shall remain in full force and effect
and any court of competent jurisdiction may so modify the objectionable provision as to make it valid,
reasonable and enforceable.

14. Entire Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties hereto with respect to the
subject matter of this Agreement.

15. Amendments. No modification, amendments or waiver of the terms and conditions hereof shall be binding
upon Discloser, unless approved in writing by Discloser.

16. Execution. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall constitute an original, but
all of which shall constitute one agreement. This Agreement may be executed by facsimile and PDF copy
signature or other electronic means, which shall be accepted as if they were original execution
signatures.

17. Export laws.  Each party agrees to comply with all export laws and regulations of the United States of America
applicable to any information disclosed hereunder.

18. Document structure. The headings of the Sections of this Agreement are inserted for
convenience only and do not constitute a part hereof or affect in any way the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement. 

19. Governing  Law  and  Jurisdiction.   This  NDA  shall  be  governed  by  and  construed  and  enforced  in
accordance with the internal law of the State of California, without regard to any choice-of-law provisions,
and  shall  be  binding  upon  the  parties  hereto  in  the  United  States  and  worldwide.  

20. Remedies.  The receiving Party agrees that in the event of any breach or threatened 
breach of this Agreement by the receiving Party or its officers, employees, consultants, or 
agents, the disclosing Party shall be entitled to compensation for actual damages for any loss 
incurred by reason of such breach or threatened breach, including all reasonable attorneys’ 
fees and costs.  The receiving Party further agrees that any such breach or threatened breach 
of this Agreement may result in irreparable injury to the disclosing Party, for which monetary 
damages may be an inadequate remedy, and agrees that the disclosing Party shall be entitled 
to temporary and permanent injunctive relief as necessary to restrain such breach or 
threatened breach and to otherwise specifically enforce the provisions of this Agreement. If either Party causes a disclosure of the other Party’s Confidential Information in breach of the terms of this
Agreement, the disclosing Party shall immediately report in writing the disclosure to the other Party and shall save, defend,
indemnify and hold the non-disclosing Party harmless from and against any and all liability and damages suffered by the nondisclosing Party arising therefrom. 


21.   Material Inside Information.  Each Party acknowledges that it is aware that U.S. and 
Japanese securities laws restrict persons with material non-public information about a 
company obtained directly or indirectly from that company under obligations of 
confidentiality from purchasing or selling securities of such company, or from 
communicating such information to any other person.  Each Party hereby agrees and 
undertakes to comply with any such provisions and to use its reasonable efforts to cause its 
Representatives to comply with such provisions, in each case to the extent and where 
applicable. 

22.   Dispute Resolution.  The Parties shall use all reasonable efforts to resolve any 
disputes, controversies or differences arising out of or in connection with this Agreement 
amicably, including the use of a mutually agreeable, non-binding mediation procedure.  Any 
dispute which cannot be settled by mutual agreement or mediation shall be finally and 
exclusively settled by arbitration held in Chicago, IL and conducted by the American 
Arbitration Association (“AAA”) in accordance with the International Arbitration rules of 
the AAA, as modified or amended by the following provisions.  Arbitration shall be by three 
(3) arbitrators, one chosen by each of the Parties.  

23. Nonsolicitation. The Receiving Party agrees that for a period of one year neither it nor its Affiliates who receive confidential
information shall directly or indirectly initiate the solicitation of, without the consent of the Disclosing Party, (a) any executive
officer of the Disclosing Party or of any of its Affiliates or (b) any employee of the Disclosing Party or any of its Affiliates
actively engaged in the review of the Transaction for employment, advisory or consulting work; provided, however, neither party
shall be prohibited from (x) employing or otherwise working with any such person who contacts such party solely on his or her own initiative and without direct or indirect solicitation by such party, (y) conducting general
solicitations for employees or general contractors (which solicitations are not specifically targeted at the other party’s employees)
through the use of media advertisements, professional search firms or otherwise.

24. Non-Circumvent. In consideration of Discloser’s disclosure of the Confidential Information, and without limiting
anything else set forth herein, neither Recipient nor any of its Representatives shall at any time prior to the
date immediately preceding the second (2nd) anniversary date of this Agreement, without the prior written
consent of Discloser, which consent may be withheld by Discloser in its sole discretion, take any action,
directly or indirectly, to undertake the Transaction including, without limitation, attempting in any manner,
directly or indirectly, to contact a potential seller or any of its shareholders, officers, directors, or affiliates,
introduced or revealed to Recipient by Discloser, to undertake or complete the Transaction. Notwithstanding any to the contrary
herein, the Receiving Party and its Representatives shall not be restricted from
having a business relationship with the Disclosing Party’s clients, customers or
licenses with which it has a pre-existing, continuing relationship at the time of
entering into thus Agreement. In any event, Receiving Party shall not use any
Confidential Information in any way to the detriment t of the Disclosing Party.

25. Notice. All notices required or permitted hereunder shall be in writing.
Any notice or communication required or permitted to be given by any provision of this
Agreement shall be deemed to have been effectively given and received on the date personally delivered
to the party to whom it is directed. 
